either it's kevin with rogue deck
builder com seen see still in my pajamas
it's been a rough day didn't get any
sleep last night I know that I've been
working on a lot of projects and
unfortunately a bit of drama is
sidetracked a lot of the things I was
going to do this weekend gonna be busy
with game day and whatnot for well
today's Friday so the fnm and then game
day I'm sure I'll be down the shop quite
a bit so this is no time to be able to
address this I've been told to stay out
of this this is not my best interest to
get involved so I'm going to take that
advice and try to heat that as much as
possible nobody know I've talked about
my personality type in the past huge
personality geek if you can just google
myers-briggs I'm an ENFP one of the main
features in FP is they like to call them
the champions so when they we I guess
see our friends in trouble it's very
common for us to you know jump into the
burning building even though it might
not be the greatest of ideas to do so so
anywho this is just all I'm going to
dress about it we've seen some some
pretty bad venom throughout I've seen on
facebook I've seen on reddit I've seen
it now on youth well youtube I guess I I
don't know the facts I know nothing I
briefly talked to a few other youtubers
and haven't actually talked to the
people involved I guess just to make
this brief as possible I there some
feuding going on between two people I
consider pretty good friends wedge from
the mana sores and kevin from barium ccg
and I I just want to tell my fans I've
seen a lot of names did I no comment a
lot on rogue deck builder they're
involved with rogue deck builder and
you're allowed to be fans of other
people in common other people's but just
out of respect for me I would just like
to ask my fans to stay out of it it is
not our place to really get I mean this
is I'm really upset with Kevin right now
I know that it's his right he has some
valid point city makes but just the
a the Fanning the the dirty laundry
throughout the entire inner internet it
did actually led me to not getting much
sleep I just could not stop thinking
about it last night and again it's just
it might sound pathetic but these are
people that I've worked with in the past
way I genuinely care about um as many of
you know my history at the mana source
is he my very first actual dialogue even
with him is him just just like asking
politely asking if he could just post a
an intro video on on my channel because
I offered that to anyone that wants to
put a youtube intro video and the time I
guess I was one of the larger channels
um that's not saying much you to commune
and just barely started growing and guys
one of those it took off very quickly
and it then now been surpassed by other
people that make you know more quality
content than I do and one of them is the
mana source so you know a lot of people
would be super jealous that this is
someone you spotlighted that not only
over past you but are completely
overtook you now as you know 56 times
larger than my channel but I was so
happy because I just knew his drive and
he's being criticized for a lot of
things that I actually find admirable um
one of which is wanting to be the best
YouTube channel out there and in and you
know one of the things that I know that
the meta sources done is he's kept track
of people's subscribers and he wants to
be the best so you know he'd take tally
of it and and compare himself to the
people i don't see any problem with that
i I'm sure the people in the NHL look at
all the other goal scorers and be like I
can't wait till I pass a Brett hole for
the you know whatever brothel is
second-most goalscoring ever but you
know type thing and so there's nothing
to be ashamed of and you know and again
meta source has always been nothing but
polite to me and nothing but great
interactions and basically what I'm
saying is you know I lost a lot of sleep
last night because I found out that one
of my good friends at least on the
YouTube channel hourly YouTube community
is hurting and I can't get in contact
with him and you know that's as a person
that's not involved just seeing one side
spit venom that I don't know I don't
know where I'm going with this I just
thought I would
uh address the community put my
statement out there and then I'm going
to take this video down soon I guess the
whole point of this is please do not get
sucked up in the drama we are all part
of this community this YouTube community
it's beyond creators it's you the fans
that really ultimately do drive this I
appreciate your comments I appreciate
your life so I appreciate your shares I
appreciate you guys checking out the
sponsors I appreciate my play mats I
appreciate you uh bolstering up the
other channels that I believe in like
magic man Sam he was another one that
that you know i like to say started on
kind of the rogue deck builder channel
and and the mana source and all these
other people that that i just had just
great wonderful interactions with a lot
of these people i've gone out to eat
with i've met up at at conventions you
know i have had you know some really
good times with them and it just really
really sucks to see this going on so
that's just my two cents you know I've I
if I looked a shovel it's because I'm
disheveled I could not get any sleep
which I guess does sound pathetic but it
is what it is skin i'll keep this video
out for a bit feel free to comment on
this but please no hatred towards either
of the the the parties involved that's
what I'm trying to say please stay out
of it if you guys you know due respect
me for my content and respect what I'm
trying to do by building YouTube
community please have the respect to
stay out of this nonsense ah yep that's
it i guess i'll leave you with my puppy
since i'm doing a webcam oh if you guys
remember how big she's getting look at
this myth girl this is probably one of
the major reasons that i do such little
content now on youtubers she's so much
fun to go and and hike and fish and
whatnot so there we can leave on a happy
note this is Chloe she's my what are you
now like seven eight months old little
pest never get a border collie mix these
dogs are unmanageable she is such a
little turd but she's so awesome so
anyway say hi Chloe see I the YouTube
community everyone let's just get along
let's all play with puppies instead of
spit hatred throughout the Internet see
you guys later